[4650][ADD] stock_valuation_layer_view_adjust (#92)
qrtl/axls-custom: stock_valuation_layer_view_adjust/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module displays remaining_qty and remaining_value in the SVL tree
> view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module displays remaining_qty and remaining_value in the SVL views.
```
